Add Spanner Plugin (#242)
IBM/universal-connectors: filter-plugin/logstash-filter-pubsub-spanner-guardium/README.md

4. Click Upload File and select the key.json file. After it is uploaded, click OK.
5. Click the Plus sign to open the Connector Configuration dialog box.
6. Type a name in the Connector name field.
7. Update the input section to add the details from [spanner_with_pubsub.conf](spanner_with_pubsub.conf) file's input part, omitting the keyword "input{" at the beginning and its corresponding "}" at the end.
8. Update the filter section to add the details from [spanner_with_pubsub.conf](spanner_with_pubsub.conf) file's filter part, omitting the keyword "filter{" at the beginning and its corresponding "}" at the end.
9.  The 'type' fields should match in input and filter configuration sections. This field should be unique for every individual connector added.
10. Click Save. Guardium validates the new connector, and enables the universal connector if it was disabled. After it is validated, it appears in the Configure Universal Connector page.
11. After installing the plugins offline package and once the configuration is uploaded and saved to your Guardium machine, restart the universal connector using the Disable/Enable button.

> ## 5. Limitations

Reviewer: Please move this section just above "Configuring the Spanner filter in Guardium"

# Spanner-Guardium Logstash filter plug-in 

> This is a [Logstash](https://github.com/elastic/logstash) filter plug-in for the universal connector that is featured in IBM Security Guardium. It parses events and messages from Spanner audit/activity logs into a [Guardium record](https://github.com/IBM/universal-connectors/blob/main/common/src/main/java/com/ibm/guardium/universalconnector/commons/structures/Record.java) instance (which is a standard structure made out of several parts). The information is then pushed into Guardium. Guardium records include the accessor (the person who tried to access the data), the session, data, and exceptions. If there are no errors, the data contains details about the query "construct". The construct details the main action (verb) and collections (objects) involved.

Author: Updated README.md as per the format.
Thanks

> This is a [Logstash](https://github.com/elastic/logstash) filter plug-in for the universal connector that is featured in IBM Security Guardium. It parses events and messages from Spanner audit/activity logs into a [Guardium record](https://github.com/IBM/universal-connectors/blob/main/common/src/main/java/com/ibm/guardium/universalconnector/commons/structures/Record.java) instance (which is a standard structure made out of several parts). The information is then pushed into Guardium. Guardium records include the accessor (the person who tried to access the data), the session, data, and exceptions. If there are no errors, the data contains details about the query "construct". The construct details the main action (verb) and collections (objects) involved.

Reviewer: Limitations section is placed at the bottom, please move it as suggested. Thanks

> This is a [Logstash](https://github.com/elastic/logstash) filter plug-in for the universal connector that is featured in IBM Security Guardium. It parses events and messages from Spanner audit/activity logs into a [Guardium record](https://github.com/IBM/universal-connectors/blob/main/common/src/main/java/com/ibm/guardium/universalconnector/commons/structures/Record.java) instance (which is a standard structure made out of several parts). The information is then pushed into Guardium. Guardium records include the accessor (the person who tried to access the data), the session, data, and exceptions. If there are no errors, the data contains details about the query "construct". The construct details the main action (verb) and collections (objects) involved.

Author: Hello @PratikshaSonawane ,

We have followed the guidelines provided in the template.
As per the template, limitations should be at the end.
PFA 
[guidelines.txt](https://github.com/IBM/universal-connectors/files/10453852/guidelines.txt)

[[UCX-146] [DocumentDB UC]:Readme file changes required - IBM Security](https://jira-ds.rtp.raleigh.ibm.com:8443/browse/UCX-146)

Thanks

* In the Cloud Console, go to the Logging > Log Router page. 
* Click on Create sink button.
* In the Sink details panel, enter the following details:
* Sink name: Provide an identifier for the sink; note that after the user creates the sink, the user can't rename the sink, but can delete it and create a new sink.
* Sink description (optional): Describe the purpose or use case for the sink.
* In the Sink destination panel, select the Pub/Sub topic as sink service and destination.
* Choose logs to include in the sink in the Build inclusion filter panel. 
* The user can filter the logs using log name, resource, and severity.
* In cases of multiple regions, use the same set of configurations for all regions. Use different configuration files for the input plug-in based on the region.

##### Steps to Set destination(TOPIC & SUBSCRIPTION) permissions
To set permissions for log sink to route to its destination, do the following:
* Obtain the sink's writer identity—an email address—from the new sink.
   1. Go to the Log Router page, and select menu  > View sink details. 
   2. The writer identity appears in the Sink details panel.
* If the user has owner access to the destination, 

>    1. add the sink's writer identity to topic and give it the Pub/Sub Publisher and Subscriber role.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   1. add the sink's writer identity to the topic and give it the Pub/Sub Publisher and Subscriber role.
```

>    2. add the sink's writer identity to subscription and give it the Pub/Sub Subscriber role.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   2. add the sink's writer identity to the subscription and give it the Pub/Sub Subscriber role.
```

> ##### Steps to Create service account credentials

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### Creating service account credentials
```

> * Go to the Service accounts section of IAM & Admin console. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Go to the Service accounts section of the IAM & Admin console. 
```

> * Select project and click on Create Service Account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Select project and click Create Service Account.
```

* Enter a Service account name, such as spanner-pubsub.
* Click Create.
* The service account needs access to a subscription that was created earlier. Use the Select a role drop-down menu to add the Pub/Sub Subscriber role. ​ 

> * Click Continue. The user does not need to grant users access to this service account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Click Continue. You do not need to grant users access to this service account.
```

> * Click the Create Key. The key is used by logstash input plug-in configuration file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Click the Create Key. The key is used by the Logstash input plug-in configuration file.
```

* Select JSON and click Create. 

##### Inclusion Filter
Edit the Sink via *Logs Router > Sink Inclusion Filter*:
##### Description

> The purpose of this inclusion filter is to include required and exclude unnecessary logs on the basis of some parameter from data_access and activity logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The purpose of this inclusion filter is to include the required logs and exclude the unnecessary ones, on the basis of some parameter from data_access and activity logs.
```

OR protoPayload.request.@type="type.googleapis.com/google.spanner.v1.ExecuteSqlRequest")
AND -protoPayload.request.queryMode="PLAN"
AND -protoPayload.request.requestOptions.requestTag:*
)
OR 
(logName="projects/<project-id>/logs/cloudaudit.googleapis.com%2Factivity" 
AND (type.googleapis.com/google.spanner.admin.database.v1.UpdateDatabaseDdlRequest 
OR type.googleapis.com/google.spanner.admin.database.v1.CreateDatabaseRequest)
AND operation.producer="spanner.googleapis.com"
)
AND -protoPayload.request.sql="SELECT 1"

```
## 3. Supported audit logs
* spanner-general.log - `INFO`, `DEFAULT`, `ALERT`,`NOTICE`,`DEBUG`,`WARNING`

## 4. Configuring the Spanner filter in Guardium
The Guardium universal connector is the Guardium entry point for native audit/data_access logs. The Guardium universal connector identifies and parses the received events, and converts them to a standard Guardium format. The output of the Guardium universal connector is forwarded to the Guardium sniffer on the collector, for policy and auditing enforcements. Configure Guardium to read the native audit/data_access logs by customizing the Spanner template.

### Before you begin

> * You must have Log Full Details policy enabled on the collector. The detailed steps can be found in step 4 on [this page](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/guardium/11.4?topic=dpi-installing-testing-filter-input-plug-in-staging-guardium-system).

Reviewer 2: per GRD-66763, change to: The detailed steps can be found in step 4 under section Installing and testing the filter or input plug-in on a staging Guardium system on [this page](https://github.com/IBM/universal-connectors/blob/main/docs/developing_plugins_gdp.md)
